comedian Phill Jupitus is as British as
unmanned service stations or drizzle
making him the perfect companion for my
sojourn
hello Phill Jupitus Richardson join me
for a UK based holiday on this recumbent
tandem seems like the thing to do my
friend then for safety sake put on a
helmet okay alright you know how
recumbent tandem work right yeah alright
ah ah
go alright oh here we go oh oh that's
yeah that's a bit we v/e unlike a
standard tandem the Remo cyclist on this
bike takes the brunt of the late work oh
come on
well so it's mainly filled powering up
through the Garden of England towards
our first a keishon stop historic Leeds
Castle Phil not in Leeds that's the
category mistake he's in Kent I mean
it's why I was late yes
your dazzle brights beauty I can see joy
flooding your face really yeah but how
do we document this how do we make this
experience real which colors no we need
to photograph it with the latest in
digital technology all right
and here they are three cameras that
will revolutionize the way you capture
historic monuments first up and these
binoculars of the future
Oh binoculars yeah but you can record 3d
images ah this is what we want I can
only take 2d photos which is a bit of a
downer but it's made up for by the GPS
system GPS GPS it's a revolution I can
really see that third dimension yes
binoculars may well be as 3d as eyes but
I feel there's some what you need
directional I need a gadget that can
offer me a broader range the panoramic
pod taking a panoramic photograph
involves moving your phone from side to
side while navigating an arrow across a
guideline but how in the name of all
that's right can you avoid photo ruining
hand wobble how the problem is yeah I
mean I mean I'm not that varrock with my
movement but yeah there's still an
unsteadiness mm-hmm not with this look
at it that's remarkably steady yes the
word you're looking for has to double
use and an O in the middle mmm I like
the panoramic pod Nick gives you that
sweeping view but I want something a bit
more sweepy okay well this is dynamite
from a gadget that rotates your phone
for you to a high-tech camera that can
photograph everything at once the reco
theater wow it's a huge 360-degree view
of the castle 360 it's everything next
is a camera device which means you don't
even have to leave the car park
the drone this is the phantom DJI -
that's right
that face is appropriate I've applied
for special authorization to fly here
from Lee's castle air traffic control
and what's more we received that
authorization
look at that go this remote control
quadrocopter is so insultingly easy to
use that after minimal assembly you can
fly it straight from the box the camera
can maintain Wi-Fi connection to your
phone for up to 300 meters and it has a
smooth hover mode to give you steady
shots don't look at the castle look here
okay let's take in the beauty yep
can you solve all the camera uses people
the helicopter level the helicopter I'm
no air wolf okay look at this this is
that yeah but here it's just so much
more digital it's interesting what's
your assessment of one to ten ten being
most blown away one being just very
blown away do you not have an 11 because
my socks are off good let's walk off
with purpose
you